Here I am‚ this is me
There's nowhere else on
Earth I had rather be
Here I am‚ It is just me and you
Toni*****ht we make our dreams come true
It is a new world‚ It is a new start
It is alive with the beatin*****
of youn***** hearts
It is a new day‚ It is a new plan
I have been waitin***** for you
Here I am
Here we are‚ we've just be*****un
And after all this time‚
our time has come
Yeah‚ here we are‚ still *****oin' stron*****
Ri*****ht here in the place
where we belon*****
It is a new world‚ It is a new start
It is alive with the beatin*****
of youn***** hearts
It is a new day‚ It is a new plan
I have been waitin***** for you
Here I am
Yeah‚ here I am
Waitin***** for you
Here I am‚ this is me
There's no where else on
earth I had rather be
Here I am‚ It is just me and you
And toni*****ht we make our
dreams come true
Oh‚ It is a new world‚
It is a new start
It is alive with the beatin*****
of youn***** hearts
It is a new day‚ It is a new plan
I have been waitin***** for you
Oh‚ It is a new world‚
It is a new start
It is alive with the beatin*****
of youn***** hearts
It is a new day‚ It is a new plan
I have been waitin***** for you
Here I am
Here I am‚ next to you
And suddenly the world
is all brand new
Here I am‚ here I am‚ where
I am *****onna stay
Now there's nothin' standin'
in our way